[SPEAKER_01]: And on the eighth day, God looked down on his planned paradise and said, I need a caretaker.
[SPEAKER_01]: So God made a farmer.
[SPEAKER_01]: God said, I need somebody willing to get up before dawn, milk cows, work all day in the fields, milk cows again, eat supper, then go to town and stay past midnight at a meeting of the school board.
[SPEAKER_01]: I need somebody with arms strong enough to wrestle a calf and yet gentle enough to deliver his own grandchild.
[SPEAKER_01]: Somebody to call hogs, tame cantankerous machinery, come home hungry, have to wait lunch until his wife's done feeding visiting ladies, then tell the ladies to be sure and come back real soon and mean it."
[SPEAKER_01]: So God made a farmer.
[SPEAKER_01]: God said, I need somebody willing to sit up all night with a newborn colt and watch it die and dry his eyes and say, maybe next year.
[SPEAKER_01]: I need somebody who can shape an axe handle from a persimmon sprout, shoe a horse with a hunk of car tire, who can make harness out of hay wire, feed sacks, and shoe scraps, who, planting time and harvest season, will finish his 40-hour week by Tuesday noon and then pain in from tractor back put in another 72 hours."
[SPEAKER_01]: So God made a farmer.
[SPEAKER_01]: God had to have somebody willing to ride the ruts at double speed to get the hay in ahead of the rain clouds and yet stop in midfield and race to help when he sees the first smoke from a neighbor's place.
[SPEAKER_01]: God said, I need somebody strong enough to clear trees and heave bales, yet gentle enough to yeen lambs and wean pigs and tend to pink-combed pullets who will stop his mower for an hour to splint the broken leg of a meadow lark.
[SPEAKER_01]: It had to be somebody who'd plow deep and straight and not cut corners, somebody to seed, weed, feed, breed, and rake, and disc, and plow, and plant, and tie the fleece, and strain the milk, and replenish the self-feeder, and finish a hard week's work with a five-mile drive to church.
[SPEAKER_01]: Somebody who'd bail a family together with a soft, strong bonds of sharing, who would laugh, and then sigh, and then reply with smiling eyes when his son says,
[SPEAKER_01]: that he wants to spend his life doing what dad does.
[SPEAKER_01]: So God made a farmer.
[SPEAKER_02]: and and
and and
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to troubleshoot this for a second because we're not coming out of both sides here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Let's see if this just refreshes if I do the current slide again.
[SPEAKER_07]: There it came.
[SPEAKER_07]: I hear my other sound again.
[SPEAKER_07]: There it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: Look at that.
[SPEAKER_07]: How easy was that?
[SPEAKER_07]: These are the good guys on the screen, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, it's the good guys on the screen.
[SPEAKER_12]: But now that's not there.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't hear that one.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh yeah, there.
[SPEAKER_07]: See, it's broken up.
[SPEAKER_07]: Somehow... What would that be?
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like some... Oh, it's here.
I don't know.
Come on.
[SPEAKER_07]: Listen I'm live already.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm live already.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's why I'm troubleshooting it live Well, maybe it's just this thing overloading oh is that No, it's really not it's still crapping out Oh Is it going in and out left and right for you guys, I don't know if I see that or not.
[SPEAKER_07]: Oh
[SPEAKER_07]: You see the fire there, ladies and gentlemen?
[SPEAKER_07]: I can even put myself green screen over the fire.
[SPEAKER_07]: I mean, if you really want to see cool stuff, I can be sitting over here and pointing out different people on the fire.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think we're good.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think it's working now.
[SPEAKER_07]: It sounds like it's working now.
[SPEAKER_07]: All right, ladies and gentlemen, this is what skillful social media use looks like.
[SPEAKER_07]: You get in the chair, you grab that joystick, you put on the goggles, and it feels great, looks great, sounds great.
[SPEAKER_07]: But in reality, you are being fooled by the people on social media.
[SPEAKER_07]: They argue with each other.
[SPEAKER_07]: They pretend to oppose each other or to turn on each other.
[SPEAKER_07]: But in reality, it's one big theater.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's the reason why we say that weaponized piles of money use their acolytes on social media.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're actors.
[SPEAKER_07]: They've been trained to do what they do.
[SPEAKER_07]: Some of them don't even know what they're doing.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're just following a script that they've been given.
[SPEAKER_07]: And those scripts all add up to the same thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just one narrative.
[SPEAKER_07]: It is one slavery.
[SPEAKER_07]: By mythology, and we teach this to our children.
[SPEAKER_07]: They're lost our parents taught it to us That's the reality of it our parents taught it to us.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's why we're stuck here Thanks very much is our lack of biological knowledge in the general poor health of the of America of the American people is being used to create the crisis they need to divide and conquer us to ruin and
[SPEAKER_07]: Maybe America, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Crash the dollar, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: Steal the rest of our, what limited treasury value we have left, I don't know.
[SPEAKER_07]: But I know for sure that they are combining our lack of biological knowledge and our general society's lack of good health and access to health care to create a crisis to usher in all kinds of changes that would otherwise never be necessary, and more importantly, never be possible.
[SPEAKER_07]: Just give me a couple more minutes the fire is going I'm gonna have to play some mic switching after the music and the intro I'm gonna mic switch so that I can give a mic outside by the fire So just give me a second to switch that up in the meantime Enjoy the intro and maybe share it on Twitter or somewhere one of these military programs where you can contact your friends and let us know let them know we're live and
[SPEAKER_07]: All of them are working for them, ladies and gentlemen.
[SPEAKER_07]: All of them are working for the slavers.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's the reality.
[SPEAKER_07]: And today we had a very successful live stream.
[SPEAKER_07]: We had such a great presentation by Scott Shara that I decided to just cut it short.
[SPEAKER_07]: And instead, it was a very good idea because if we had taken any more time on stage, we would not have gotten done with dinner and we would not have gotten out of there on time.
[SPEAKER_07]: We got out just as the doors were being closed.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, and, uh, I'm really excited to say that, uh, there's a few people here at the house and we're going to live stream again and give the mic to Mark and to Joe, uh,
[SPEAKER_07]: Mark Kulak and Joe Marshall, two guys that came all the way for the show.
[SPEAKER_07]: And we didn't do it on stage, partly because we ran out of time, partly because that's just the way it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so we're going to fix that here.
[SPEAKER_07]: And it's actually easier for me to stream from home without a time limit and without a tech limit.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm very excited to be back in my own studio, which has become my home.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's like my little man cave here.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm ashamed at how nice I have it, actually.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I'm very, very grateful to my family for letting me have it so nice, and to all of my supporters for letting me
[SPEAKER_07]: have this as a job, I'm not necessarily complaining anymore because I know we're so close to winning.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm very, very excited.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks for being here.
[SPEAKER_14]: I'm live right now.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's scheduled for 60 minutes next.
[SPEAKER_00]: He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
[SPEAKER_00]: People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
[SPEAKER_00]: It's embarrassing.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
[SPEAKER_07]: Welcome to Get Going Biological at 715 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on the 3rd of November 2024.
[SPEAKER_07]: Still running in the hamster wheel, still trying to take back our consciousness from these people.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you very much for joining me.
[SPEAKER_07]: I've got a small background
[SPEAKER_07]: backyard full of humans that are spilling over into the studio and I'm very very happy to have them all here.
[SPEAKER_07]: We had such a small turnout to our live stream that we brought them all back so we can enjoy a fire together and some drinks together and also just have a little live stream pass around the mic.
[SPEAKER_07]: We are still trying to take back the charlatans that we inherited from our parents.
[SPEAKER_07]: Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is definitely dumb.
[SPEAKER_07]: Transfection in healthy humans was always criminal, and RNA cannot pandemic because viruses are not pattern integrities.
[SPEAKER_07]: We can explain that until we are blue in the face.
[SPEAKER_07]: The bottom line is we're going to start giving people the truth.
[SPEAKER_07]: If they don't pick up the sword, we're going to move on.
[SPEAKER_07]: because we need to start teaching our children how we've been manipulated for generations.
[SPEAKER_07]: And whether you talk to Edward Bernays or you talk to Noam Chomsky, it doesn't matter because we are trapped in their limited spectrum of debate.
[SPEAKER_07]: They dropped us off on the street.
[SPEAKER_07]: They picked us up in their cars.
[SPEAKER_07]: They told us lies from the front seat and the back seat.
[SPEAKER_07]: They dropped us off at the weigh station and three more people picked us up.
[SPEAKER_07]: And every time they told us the same story about a novel virus, about how many millions of people were saved, about how it might have come from gain of function.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's all the same sort of narrative about a mystery virus.
[SPEAKER_07]: That was the worst transition in music I've ever done.
[SPEAKER_07]: I thought that was done.
[SPEAKER_07]: I forgot about the little part about the end there, the NBA.
[SPEAKER_07]: The mystery virus.
[SPEAKER_07]: Yeah, excess deaths.
[SPEAKER_07]: Not the case.
[SPEAKER_07]: It was definitely murder.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's a long list of explanations why there's no epidemiological evidence of spread.
[SPEAKER_07]: And there's a long list of chump lawyers that won't talk about rational basis tests, strict scrutiny, the 7th Amendment, or jurisdiction stripping.
[SPEAKER_07]: So just ask a lawyer what those terms mean.
[SPEAKER_07]: If they say, I don't know, or that words don't matter, walk away.
[SPEAKER_07]: Because there is a way out.
[SPEAKER_07]: If they don't want to help us, we need to find other people.
[SPEAKER_07]: We need a consensus about the vaccine schedule, a consensus about transfection, and a consensus about what RNA doesn't have that DNA probably doesn't have either.
[SPEAKER_07]: But we've been told the mythology about DNA, and RNA doesn't fit those categories.
[SPEAKER_07]: You gotta wake up, ladies and gentlemen.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's an illusion of consensus sustained by a limited spectrum of debate.
[SPEAKER_07]: And man, even the no-virus people fooled me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Even Mike Yeadon is starting to turn out to be questionable with his often-promoting of Sasha and Malone and all these other people.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's just kind of sad.
[SPEAKER_07]: The guy who gave us natural immunity to the novel virus actually turns out to be also meddling or at least possibly being meddled with.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we've got to try and throw a lifeline to Eden and a few other people to save them from these acolytes if it's possible to save them.
[SPEAKER_07]: Weaponized piles of money.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't even know why I'm showing this picture anymore.
[SPEAKER_07]: The event that we were just at called the Brownstone was about as silly as Rescue the Republic, but indoors in a fancy hotel with slightly better coffee, probably.
[SPEAKER_07]: Again, Weaponized Piles of Money, their narrative and their mythologies.
[SPEAKER_07]: Don't pass it on to your children or we're going to be in trouble.
[SPEAKER_07]: My name is Jonathan Couey.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm a neuroscientist, a recovering academic.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know what to say other than I wanted to be a biology teacher.
[SPEAKER_07]: They wouldn't let me do it, so I jockeyed a microscope for 20 years.
[SPEAKER_07]: GigaOM is derived from the biology and the methodology that I did while I was an academic.
[SPEAKER_07]: And you can find my work at stream.gigaom.bio slash home.
[SPEAKER_07]: The Clips Channel by Jeff from Earth, the start of the Biology 101 catalog, and of course, everything from February on.
[SPEAKER_07]: We've got a catalog that goes back to 2020, but not all of it is available and archived just the way it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's just the way it is.
[SPEAKER_07]: Welcome to the show.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm very happy to have you here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Why did I switch to that camera?
[SPEAKER_07]: It should be this camera.
[SPEAKER_07]: Good evening.
[SPEAKER_07]: Welcome to the show.
[SPEAKER_07]: This is Giga Home Biological.
[SPEAKER_07]: My name is Jonathan Cooley.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm coming to you live from the back of my garage with the back door open so that we can see the fire.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can slide the... I'll drop these off.
[SPEAKER_07]: Slide this over here, see if I can change.
[SPEAKER_07]: There's the fire out there.
[SPEAKER_07]: There you see Mark Kulak getting warm.
[SPEAKER_07]: You see Joe Marshall there holding court, probably talking about the fine art of butchering a field dressing of deer.
[SPEAKER_07]: But he brought some bushmeat with him, so he might be just telling everybody what he brought.
[SPEAKER_07]: He's a man of many stories, and he's actually been in this fight a lot longer than me.
[SPEAKER_07]: Look what I can do.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can put myself down here, and then I can be messing with Mark at the fire.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you very much for joining me.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll go back to this and put this up.
[SPEAKER_07]: I think we're going to kind of do a little impromptu thing.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to turn the music off as gently as I can, and then I'm going to pull this out and switch over to a different microphone so that I can have crowd mics.
[SPEAKER_07]: And yeah, I think overall...
[SPEAKER_07]: Overall the live stream went pretty well.
[SPEAKER_07]: We had an enormous turnout relative to zero, but it wasn't what I would say a killer turnout in the sense of I would have hoped to have had more.
[SPEAKER_07]: There were a few people of note that I thought were coming that ended up not coming.
[SPEAKER_07]: Paul Alexander,
[SPEAKER_07]: quite seriously teased me with an email every day for almost 10 days straight about where it was and what time it was and whether I was going to be speaking at Brownstone or not.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I kept responding.
[SPEAKER_07]: I kept responding.
[SPEAKER_07]: always answered and today I got an email saying that he only made it to Allentown and he wasn't going to be able to make it here and that maybe we could get together after voting day.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm not really sure there's going to be any civilization on Wednesday so as far as I'm concerned I'm not making any any any I'm not booking anything other than basketball practices after Tuesday for now
[SPEAKER_07]: So that being said, let me see if this works.
[SPEAKER_07]: Test one, two, oh, see, it does work.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's already feeding back.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we've got mics.
[SPEAKER_07]: I don't know, I might just turn the camera on out there and leave it because I don't have a plan and they might be already in the middle of a conversation.
[SPEAKER_07]: So what we might do is just set this like this, escape out of there.
[SPEAKER_07]: Um, and I can run this live and we can just move it like this.
[SPEAKER_07]: I can move it like this and we can be wherever we want to.
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm going to shift it to the fire.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to take my ears out.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm going to turn up the monitors a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: And the people in the chat, if you're really serious about.
[SPEAKER_07]: listening along and there are technical problems, the only place to complain will be in the chat.
[SPEAKER_07]: And occasionally I have the chat visible, so I can check and fix things.
[SPEAKER_07]: But other than that, I'm just going to be using the graphic indications that the audio is okay.
[SPEAKER_07]: So if you don't complain, you got nothing to complain about, right?
[SPEAKER_07]: So I'm going out of the ears, but I can still hear whatever.
[SPEAKER_07]: Hello, we're here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Very nice.
[SPEAKER_07]: To have everybody in the house.
[SPEAKER_07]: You can just turn that up.
[SPEAKER_10]: Yeah, see?
[SPEAKER_10]: You can just turn it up.
[SPEAKER_10]: And I cover basically... I think that's already the sound.
[SPEAKER_10]: I was very, very careful in my approach.
[SPEAKER_10]: My abstract basically said, you know, the COVID pandemic has exposed a lot of corruption here.
[SPEAKER_10]: But I also said it's also made people more vulnerable to charlatans who exploit people's distrust of the government and then give it their version.
[SPEAKER_10]: So I mean, both of that's true.
[SPEAKER_10]: So I made it look balanced in that regard.
[SPEAKER_10]: And then I point by point, first I talk about technically excellent lives.
[SPEAKER_07]: That's so awesome.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you, Catherine.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's actually not that easy, but I had a lot of practice because of my brother.
[SPEAKER_07]: At the start of the pandemic, my brother and I actually started streaming cooking shows from Texas.
[SPEAKER_07]: And that was actually, the whole impetus for me learning to live stream was that my brother wanted me to learn it so that I could go down to Texas and we could live stream these cooking shows.
[SPEAKER_07]: So that's where I got these mobile skills, if you will.
[SPEAKER_10]: I had people taking pictures of it.
[SPEAKER_10]: I had people holding these ideas.
[SPEAKER_10]: I had a PowerPoint that goes along with that.
[SPEAKER_10]: They go to my website.
[SPEAKER_10]: What's up?
[SPEAKER_10]: I'm just going to mic you.
[SPEAKER_02]: OK, thanks.
[SPEAKER_10]: You're micing me?
[SPEAKER_10]: Uh-huh.
[SPEAKER_10]: Don't mic me.
[SPEAKER_07]: You can just keep talking.
[SPEAKER_07]: Don't swear.
[SPEAKER_05]: Don't swear, he says.
[SPEAKER_05]: OK.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know what to say.
[SPEAKER_09]: How you doing?
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't have a lot more to say than I do.
[SPEAKER_10]: I get nervous.
[SPEAKER_14]: We're going to get a picture with the boys over here.
[SPEAKER_02]: Come over here.
[SPEAKER_10]: Closer over here.
[SPEAKER_10]: Can I take the picture?
[SPEAKER_10]: That way both women can be with them.
[SPEAKER_10]: Do it.
[SPEAKER_02]: One more.
[SPEAKER_02]: Put Shorty in there.
[SPEAKER_13]: Thank you, thank you.
[SPEAKER_09]: Is this mic still hot?
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: So let me tell you about my last rectal exam.
[SPEAKER_02]: That actually turned out really good for what it was.
[SPEAKER_05]: My last one, I asked the doctor, I asked the doctor, how does it feel to finish at the bottom of your class?
[SPEAKER_05]: And then he walks out of the room straight-faced.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's like, uh-oh.
[SPEAKER_02]: So I asked the nurse, I said, does he have a sense of humor?
[SPEAKER_05]: This process, when you graduate from medical school, you've got a choice.
[SPEAKER_02]: I think I'll do rectal.
[SPEAKER_02]: No, you had to graduate class.
[SPEAKER_05]: Uh-oh, I think we found a brownstone.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah, they don't do that one no more.
[SPEAKER_02]: Me neither.
[SPEAKER_02]: Right now.
[SPEAKER_08]: What?
[SPEAKER_00]: Is this live?
[SPEAKER_00]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_00]: Excellent.
[SPEAKER_00]: Everybody listen.
[SPEAKER_14]: Tell them how your week went.
[SPEAKER_04]: Let me ask this question.
[SPEAKER_04]: What new information did you hear after paying the $540 entry fee at the Brownstone?
[SPEAKER_04]: Did you hear anything new out of those intellectual powerhouses that were gathered at the Brownstone?
[SPEAKER_04]: For $540 I attained no new information.
[SPEAKER_09]: at the Brownstone event.
[SPEAKER_09]: Now maybe I wasn't listening closely enough.
[SPEAKER_09]: I learned things by observing some other people.
[SPEAKER_09]: Like, I have to admit, I have hope for Shannon Joy.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm not a fan of some of her guests and where they have led her, but I think she means well.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I'm concerned for her.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I told her I was concerned for her.
[SPEAKER_04]: I am concerned for her.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I told her, after she talked about freedom, she was on a panel there where they talked about freedom.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I sent you the text.
[SPEAKER_04]: I said, see, she knows.
[SPEAKER_04]: She hit the tenets of what individual rights and liberty are.
[SPEAKER_09]: word for word she hit him she hit him all because she knows i went down i said shannon thank you for restoring my faith in you she said are you worried about me and i said i'm very concerned she needs two or three years of heartache she'll see it but you can't tell her right now she's still uh she's still mesmerized yeah i don't understand it but it is what it is
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I was looking around that room, and I'm listening to people talking, and they're saying the same stuff they have been for the past two or three years.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nothing new.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nothing new whatsoever.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then, you know, I'm looking around, and people were sleeping.
[SPEAKER_04]: People are on their phones.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then they stopped talking, and all of a sudden, everybody jumped up out of their stupor and gave them a standing ovation.
[SPEAKER_11]: They did that thing toward the end on the second day where everyone went to the riverboat room and there weren't enough chairs for everyone but that was when I thought Mark would have loved it.
[SPEAKER_11]: I didn't see you there at that time but he started bringing up
[SPEAKER_11]: the death rate and how they had misused the death numbers to pump up the COVID numbers.
[SPEAKER_09]: Did Drew say that?
[SPEAKER_11]: I believe so, yes.
[SPEAKER_11]: And so he had these graphs and he was showing which deaths and how and he explained to the audience how they used these numbers to pump up the COVID numbers.
[SPEAKER_11]: But not once did he say the word opioid.
[SPEAKER_09]: I saw Dr. Drew at the event.
[SPEAKER_09]: He sat on the other side of you, actually.
[SPEAKER_09]: Right next to me.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, so I kept it as simple as possible.
[SPEAKER_09]: My goal is not to start an argument, it was to plant little seeds, little nudges.
[SPEAKER_09]: I said, hey Drew, my name is, I said, Dr. Drew, my name is Mark Kulak, it's great to meet you.
[SPEAKER_09]: He's like, likewise, I said, I want to thank you for talking about the drug crisis in the United States on your program.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then he was very cordial.
[SPEAKER_09]: He said, thank you.
[SPEAKER_09]: What's your name again?
[SPEAKER_09]: I was like, Mark.
[SPEAKER_09]: He's like, great to meet you.
[SPEAKER_09]: And that was it.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's all I wanted to say.
[SPEAKER_09]: Now, I really wanted to school him a lot more, but I wanted him to leave there thinking, you know what?
[SPEAKER_09]: Three people thanked me for my program.
[SPEAKER_09]: 33% of them wanted me to talk about the drug crisis more.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's, that was,
[SPEAKER_04]: You know you got a chance to try to be constructive there plant some seeds instead of being not confrontational you know, but assertive and just Having a conversation but not be in a non confrontational manner like when I'm Jeffrey Tucker.
[SPEAKER_04]: I
[SPEAKER_04]: when he came up to essentially accost us?
[SPEAKER_09]: No, he was concerned that Jay wasn't having a good time.
[SPEAKER_04]: Am I to understand that you're not having a good time?
[SPEAKER_04]: Am I to understand that you're not happy with this conference?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, that's how I word it.
[SPEAKER_09]: and uh he had his chance to talk with him the strangest accent ever yeah he doesn't speak with an english accent no it's like it's like a fake like he wants to be on clue yeah running around with his candlestick you know just this fake aristocratic accent i don't
[SPEAKER_02]: It is what it is.
[SPEAKER_04]: It is what it is.
[SPEAKER_04]: You had a chance.
[SPEAKER_04]: You had a chance to address him about what your concerns are with the opioids.
[SPEAKER_09]: My one minute pitch.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Elevator.
[SPEAKER_04]: What is it that you got a chance to say to him that he remembers?
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_09]: I said, my name is Mark Kulak.
[SPEAKER_09]: My son died in April of 2022, age 27 of a drug overdose.
[SPEAKER_09]: During the Biden-Harris administration, we had a few shy of half a million drug overdose deaths.
[SPEAKER_09]: It started to get worse before that particular administration.
[SPEAKER_09]: And this is a huge part of why we've had dropping life expectancy.
[SPEAKER_09]: And with so much desire here to focus on revisiting these mandates for vaccines, calling this out would be both a great step forward and
[SPEAKER_09]: and saying that perhaps we didn't need these jabs in the first place, as well as, although I don't have any answers for this drug crisis, it's not going to get solved by ignoring it.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I said a couple of other things.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then he was like, yeah, we need to get to the root of this.
[SPEAKER_09]: We need to talk about this more, something just so silly.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I was just surprised he wasn't a little bit more alarmed, animated.
[SPEAKER_09]: He just kind of wanted to move on.
[SPEAKER_09]: It moved on down to me.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was just surprised he didn't want to talk more about it.
[SPEAKER_09]: He wasn't shocked.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then I actually thanked him for doing the conference.
[SPEAKER_09]: Again, I didn't really want to.
[SPEAKER_09]: And he's like, look, I never had a conference with 200 people give credit when credit's due, you know?
[SPEAKER_09]: Great job having the conference.
[SPEAKER_09]: And he should have said, thank you.
[SPEAKER_09]: Instead, he was like, no, no, thanks.
[SPEAKER_09]: And he didn't want to talk to you, but he didn't have a choice.
[SPEAKER_09]: I honed in a lot with the guy.
[SPEAKER_09]: I said, listen, I paid $540 to ask you this question.
[SPEAKER_04]: First I want to thank you you've done good work what you did good work with the Barrington Declaration and all that you started to bring things in the right direction and you started to get some of these intellectual powerhouses that you have here all these scientists and doctors going against the lockdown but My question to you is what is the freedom?
[SPEAKER_04]: air quotes freedom.
[SPEAKER_04]: What is the freedom in the medical freedom movement?
[SPEAKER_04]: Is it to be to help this parallel society that they're always talking about that they're setting up?
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, is it to be that you're steering us away from this tyranny of COVID typing this centralization?
[SPEAKER_04]: Are you going to steer us right back to the world communism, the world socialism of human rights?
[SPEAKER_04]: Because if that's the case of the positive rights of human rights, then you're steering us right back into the collectivism that brought us the tearing of COVID.
[SPEAKER_04]: And the best that you can do is hit the reset button on the same collectivism that got us right back and bring us right back to where we started.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, and he was like, well, individual rights and human rights are the same thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: I was like, come on, Jeffrey.
[SPEAKER_04]: Come on, Jeffrey.
[SPEAKER_04]: I said, come on, human rights and individual rights are not the same thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: They are natural, endowed by our Creator, unalienable rights and human rights of, you know, the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're positive rights.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then there was a lady who had walked up and who was listening to us, and she said, you know, he's right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Eleanor Roosevelt brought them to the United Nations.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I said, and she got them from FDR's new Bill of Workers' Rights when FDR had his fireside chat, this fireside chat.
[SPEAKER_04]: And he said, America's individual rights and liberty have brought us to be the strongest, most prosperous country in the nation, but they're not good enough.
[SPEAKER_04]: What we need now is new rights to housing.
[SPEAKER_04]: We need right to food.
[SPEAKER_04]: We need right to
[SPEAKER_04]: and poverty and all these other list of things that became the United Nations Declaration of Human Rights.
[SPEAKER_04]: And that's what he said.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I said, they're not the same.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're not the same.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I said to him, our country
[SPEAKER_04]: our government and our country.
[SPEAKER_09]: He really wants to get away right now, I presume.
[SPEAKER_09]: Is that our country?
[SPEAKER_09]: Are you holding to the bow tie like this?
[SPEAKER_04]: You're not going anywhere, Mr. Tucker.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm only at $200 in the 540 by this time.
[SPEAKER_04]: What's the freedom of the medical freedom?
[SPEAKER_04]: He says, well, I'm a libertarian.
[SPEAKER_04]: I said, well, that tells me a lot because it could be anything from a full-blown anarchist to a libertarian socialist.
[SPEAKER_04]: So you tell me, where in that spectrum are you as a libertarian?
[SPEAKER_04]: And he said, well, I went with the Von Mises Institute, and we talked about, you know, and listened to Rothbard.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now, oh, Rothbard, the guy who says our constitutional republic is illegitimate because our founders stole it from the anarchists that founded our country?
[SPEAKER_04]: He goes, well, um...
[SPEAKER_04]: I know, I don't listen to that part of what he says, you know.
[SPEAKER_04]: So we got to talking, you know, a little bit about, and he says, I know you're going to forget me, I know you're going to forget me, but I just want to drill in your head, human rights, human rights, human rights, because it's in your mission, it's in the Brownstone's mission,
[SPEAKER_04]: It says human rights, it mentions it multiple times in their mission.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can't bring us back to, circle us back, collectivism cannot solve the problems of collectivism, only our individual rights and liberty can do that.
[SPEAKER_04]: Then he said, I gotta go.
[SPEAKER_04]: We had had a small group of people that were listening to it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Because I was interesting.
[SPEAKER_09]: You were saying more interesting things than anyone on the stage.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was true.
[SPEAKER_04]: We were probably the only people there.
[SPEAKER_09]: Camo hat and you're schooling everyone else.
[SPEAKER_04]: The only guy in a ball cap.
[SPEAKER_04]: But, you know, we were the only ones there saying anything new, literally anything new.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, there was nothing.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, I learned stuff.
[SPEAKER_14]: I got sad of people.
[SPEAKER_14]: It was worth it, but it was even more so.
[SPEAKER_14]: That's just new.
[SPEAKER_04]: Right When I when I told him I said listen our government is actually people get like this Magna Carta thing is the beginning of freedom But that the Magna Carta was the king the government the state or whatever recognizing limited rights of a limited amount of people Where our founding principle is you know governments are instituted among men driving their just powers from the consent of the government it reverses that and it's the people that
[SPEAKER_04]: who give up only the enumerated powers ordained of their liberty to create the government.
[SPEAKER_04]: So the government is actually a product of our liberty, where in collectivism
[SPEAKER_04]: Our liberty is a product from government.
[SPEAKER_04]: And a collectivist doctrine will tell you that the individual has no value, no meaning whatsoever outside what the collective gives it.
[SPEAKER_04]: So it's only in a collective in society where the individual human being has any meaning whatsoever.
[SPEAKER_04]: And only in your fulfilling your duties to the collective which gives you your personality,
[SPEAKER_04]: Do you have any value, and the Declaration of Human Rights says it, says it right in the Declaration of Human Rights, that your personality can only be gained by performing your duties owed to the collective.
[SPEAKER_04]: Where our natural individual rights are unalienable, there's no lien on them.
[SPEAKER_09]: There's another man here, I don't know if he's here, he just goes by the name Regular Guy online, and I will reiterate again, I'll do a short video on how you can
[SPEAKER_09]: find his videos, and he had some older videos that he's taken down, but I'm going to repost them.
[SPEAKER_09]: And let's just say he has incredible historic and legal insights.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is his business.
[SPEAKER_09]: I can't say too many more specific things because I don't want his identity out here, but he was actually here.
[SPEAKER_09]: And he had some great discussions.
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, no, yesterday about how, you know, he is a, he's talked about the roots of the U.S.
[SPEAKER_09]: Constitution and the Declaration of Independence and how he has a very practical take on it, how this was one of the first times a nation wrote a doctrine like this from scratch.
[SPEAKER_09]: You know, and he calls out the very practical good things about it and what the mindsets were at the time and how they were concerned about this state versus that state and I like it because he seems to have an appreciation for the fact that
[SPEAKER_09]: this isn't or hasn't been a great country to live in because we have an awesome piece of paper.
[SPEAKER_02]: It's a document.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's a document that was, you know, creatively written and people, you know, seemed to want to adhere to those principles and it kind of built on each other for a couple hundred years and it provided a lot of fruits and it's got a lot of problems right now.
[SPEAKER_09]: I like it, as opposed to this, America's great because we have this piece of paper.
[SPEAKER_09]: Which means you could print out the PDF and give it to every other country and now they're great.
[SPEAKER_09]: I mean, it doesn't make any sense.
[SPEAKER_09]: We're way more than a piece of paper.
[SPEAKER_09]: I really appreciated that nuanced, historic approach to it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Lots of arguments that came together out of necessity.
[SPEAKER_04]: It took, was it, 15 or 13 years or something to come up with that, wasn't it?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: See, that's the thing that... Very imperfect.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, I had to think about what I was, what I'm trying to get across, too, because when I heard him say that and hearing you say that, it makes me pause and say, geez, am I arguing for a piece of paper?
[SPEAKER_04]: But it's more than that, too, like you said.
[SPEAKER_09]: It gets life after a while.
[SPEAKER_09]: It took a life of its own because of the people and because of an evolving culture.
[SPEAKER_04]: America was America was an idea the idea of America and our Constitution was the imperfect effort for our founders to implement the idea of America and it was a limited amount of ordained powers for a free society, which was actually the first time in human history
[SPEAKER_04]: that a free society where people establish the government as a product of their liberty and they were able to retain the ability to own their labor and own the fruits of their labor because in prior all human history your labor and the fruits of your labor either belong to a king or a tyrant or you know America is not not the first time a country could elect a ruler
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, a lot of them didn't make it No Yeah point you know there's a lot of Death look amongst the American dream to these days, but I still I choose maybe I'm foolish.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know to believe that that that's I
[SPEAKER_09]: That spirit is still there and I choose to pursue it, not because I'm an elitist or bad or anything.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyways, that's the whole thing about, we're great because of the documents.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's it.
[SPEAKER_14]: Did you go to the Clownstone again?
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_09]: Sometimes they have regional ones.
[SPEAKER_09]: Like if you go to brownstone.com or whatever, it's not org, they'll do like Hartford, Connecticut.
[SPEAKER_09]: Someone else here went to a Hartford one, I thought.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_09]: or Baltimore, Philadelphia, I don't know what other cities they have.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then they'll have, you know, they'll have like a dinner at like a restaurant and maybe they'll have one or two guest speakers.
[SPEAKER_09]: A low-key thing, I would consider it.
[SPEAKER_09]: You know, I'd consider it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Maybe, you know, is it worth it?
[SPEAKER_09]: Is it worth the time?
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_14]: Was everybody there that you expected to be there?
[SPEAKER_09]: Jessica Rose was a no-show.
[SPEAKER_09]: She was supposed to be on the panel, too.
[SPEAKER_13]: Was she surfing?
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_09]: That was a very notable notion.
[SPEAKER_04]: The one conversation I would have liked to have been able to hear, if I could have understood it, was the one that Jonathan had with Desmond, Mateus Desmond.
[SPEAKER_04]: He did it in Dutch across on the other side of the room.
[SPEAKER_09]: Jay Bhattacharya spoke, who, he's a politician.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't, I mean, Jay's been burned by him for a few times, you know, and I respect that.
[SPEAKER_09]: I think, personally, he's probably not that bad of a guy.
[SPEAKER_09]: He B.S.'
[SPEAKER_09]: 's a lot.
[SPEAKER_09]: I have very negative perceptions of some of the other people there, but you could see him.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't think Father Charlie's gonna get a senior role in a future presidential administration like he might have once thought, but you never know.
[SPEAKER_09]: He's still relatively young.
[SPEAKER_04]: What position do you think Malone's gonna get if Trump wins?
[SPEAKER_04]: He wants to be FDA director, no doubt.
[SPEAKER_04]: No question about it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Why do you think, just an observation, just an observation,
[SPEAKER_04]: All these leftists, literally, there isn't one that wasn't.
[SPEAKER_04]: Maybe Dr. McCulloch is probably the only one in the whole medical freedom movement that I have come across that's not a doctrinaire leftist collectivist progressive, you know.
[SPEAKER_04]: But how is it that all of these progressives from the left are now all of a sudden stumping for politics that are quote unquote the right?
[SPEAKER_04]: and they're hooking up with progressives on the right, a lot of them, you know, nationalist, populist nationalists, and they're getting together.
[SPEAKER_04]: You got Russell Brand, you got Dr. Malhotra, who's this big medical freedom icon guy, who's out there literally on multiple, like, Patriot shows,
[SPEAKER_04]: including Shannon Joyce, has been out there saying that the reason why he blamed our quote-unquote limited form of government is what he blamed for the tyranny of COVID.
[SPEAKER_04]: What?
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, he literally blames our limited quote-unquote limited form of government.
[SPEAKER_04]: What we need is more government, Shannon.
[SPEAKER_04]: What we need is more government basically pushing for full-blown socialized medicine.
[SPEAKER_04]: He called it the tyranny of COVID?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, I think tyranny of COVID is my terminology for it, but he said what caused the COVID, the whole COVID thing was caused.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, he also, he says it's profit, for profit.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's the profit systems, it's the corporations, it's profit.
[SPEAKER_04]: So basically it's a hit on capitalism, hit on anything that's what's left of our private medical healthcare system.
[SPEAKER_04]: And he wants to, he's hitting on, you know, pushing for universal healthcare.
[SPEAKER_04]: And he's doing it on all these right-wing shows, and they're all like, nobody's pushing back, except, you know, we say that, you know, I think that you should change your words on how you're saying that, is basically what they're saying, a lot of them, you know?
[SPEAKER_04]: But they're all hooked up.
[SPEAKER_04]: These are all former leftist, full-blown socialist guys that are now in these medical freedom movement people, and they're pushing for, you know, right-wing politics.
[SPEAKER_04]: It makes sense to me because they're all progressives.
[SPEAKER_04]: but when you start to see that this progressivism on the left and progressivism on the right is all the same collectivism.
[SPEAKER_09]: Many people who are within the Human Genome Project or who are looking to advance the personal genomics value collectivism.
[SPEAKER_09]: They value a global
[SPEAKER_14]: That's what you needed the brownstone oh, yeah
[SPEAKER_09]: you know, a global approach to monitoring people, to immunization, immunization records, et cetera.
[SPEAKER_09]: That's, so you, that's this, and you can see it.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is what you and I have, you know, we've taken separate paths.
[SPEAKER_09]: You focus on the, at least from a political and economic standpoint, the collectivist approach.
[SPEAKER_09]: I focused on genealogy and scientific mentorship, and I could just see them.
[SPEAKER_09]: I mean, this 1963 Future of Man document, they were all saying, you know, we need global government to support reorganizing the world into one which will facilitate the pursuit of future human evolution.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then this Teilhard de Chardin said,
[SPEAKER_09]: Well, God only made people so good, and now it's our responsibility to get involved in humankind's own evolution.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's not much of a difference.
[SPEAKER_09]: Shardin is justifying it saying, you know, this is actually a Christian thing to do You know, this is yeah, we need to we need to make God God isn't real sure and we're going to Advance our understanding of science and we are actually going to mind merge all our knowledge Reach immortality and create the the Christ Omega on the planet and the Vatican was excited about this
[SPEAKER_04]: You say it's a spiritual battle.
[SPEAKER_04]: Correct.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: You say it's a spiritual battle.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_08]: They found each other.
[SPEAKER_04]: They found each other.
[SPEAKER_04]: I've always said, well, collectivism, I call it the great deception for a reason.
[SPEAKER_04]: But when
[SPEAKER_04]: You can't consider collectivism as a whole now.
[SPEAKER_04]: You say communism, socialism, anarchism, fascism, whatever, national socialism.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's all humanism.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's all just different derivatives of the same collectivism, okay?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's anti-individual, anti-God.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's a spiritual battle you can't consider collectivism without its spiritual aspect or it rather.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's anti-spiritual anti-metaphysical if you want to put it that way coming down through the Enlightenment or you also have this
[SPEAKER_04]: The anti-god aspect of it because you in all reality when you present a collectivist Society you go back to Hobbes you go back to Russo You know and they talk about how the state of nature that exists before society this quote-unquote state of nature and they refer to it as this state of war of every man against every man and
[SPEAKER_04]: And you know, and the whole thing about Plato's Republic and, you know, Socrates talking about what justice is or what justice isn't.
[SPEAKER_04]: And there's no such thing as just or unjust until humans make laws that say this is wrong and that wrong.
[SPEAKER_04]: And only through forcing or enforcing the law is the aftermath is what is justice.
[SPEAKER_04]: The aftermath is what is good or lawful?
[SPEAKER_04]: So that's where they get this whole concept that Russo calls forced to be free Now they say that in this state of nature of the war of every man against every war that you're just slaughtered and killed
[SPEAKER_04]: on each other and we're all just raping and pillaging each other because there's no right no wrong until humans pass laws that say that there was.
[SPEAKER_04]: They totally dismiss natural law, God's law, which John Locke argued about.
[SPEAKER_04]: John Locke is about the only guy who pushed back on that, you know.
[SPEAKER_04]: And basically, so what they do is you can't, you can't, in all collectivist doctrine, you can't see any
[SPEAKER_04]: Effort to propose a collectivist society without first establishing an argument against the very existence of God because there can be no they don't recognize the state of nature is as nature's God or You know nature's law or natural law or?
[SPEAKER_04]: It's all the same So that's that's what I'm saying is that the whole front from the very beginning It's a spiritual battle
[SPEAKER_04]: And they literally, collectivist doctrine, literally, our rights are unalienable.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't know the exact scripture, but it's something along the lines of stand fast in the liberty which I have freely given you.
[SPEAKER_04]: And then collectivist doctrine, going back to Conte, going back to everybody else, these rights, your rights that you get in a collective cannot be spoken of outside the duties owed.
[SPEAKER_04]: There is a lien.
[SPEAKER_04]: Rousseau's social contract says so much so that if the prince says that you should die, you should die.
[SPEAKER_04]: There is no such thing as a collective right or a human right or a collectivist human, whether it's an individual right or not, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: It doesn't matter.
[SPEAKER_04]: There's no such thing as an individual collective right or a human right of civil origin.
[SPEAKER_04]: to not get vaccinated if that's what the planners have deemed as what's best for the collective.
[SPEAKER_04]: As soon as the planners, there's no such thing as a right not to wear a mask.
[SPEAKER_04]: If that's what the planners have deemed as what's best for the collective.
[SPEAKER_04]: So they got all these people, this whole medical freedom movement, brownstone with human rights in their mission statement.
[SPEAKER_04]: They got all these people arguing for human rights to
[SPEAKER_04]: Not get vaccinated human rights to not wear a mask the NRA is fighting on the human rights as your human right to bear arms Which is bullshit because there's no such thing as freaking human right to self-defense The United Nations fray report says there's no such thing as a human right to self-defense because it's a collective, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: You see what I'm saying background to what Joe is saying that I have to admit I'm not that I'm not that fluent in and I've I
[SPEAKER_09]: worked really hard to just try to, I mean, I don't boast about my religion, and I openly state that I am a Christian, and I have so much work to do, but I don't claim to be better, and I don't encourage it, and I've been trying to keep it separate, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: It was just unavoidable when you just start digging in on some of the most influential
[SPEAKER_09]: And he's the most frequent guest
[SPEAKER_09]: And my research approach, you just can't ignore stuff like that.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's like, okay, what's going on?
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't want to look at this, but he's there all the time.
[SPEAKER_09]: This has got to mean something.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't think it's because he likes pasta, you know?
[SPEAKER_02]: Why is he in the Vatican all the time?
[SPEAKER_09]: And then it's like all these books, this Teilhard de Chardin, and you start digging in.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then, holy cow, the brother of Bill Barr is the president of the Association of Catholic Scientists worldwide.
[SPEAKER_09]: He has worldwide control over working with the Catholic Church and the Vatican on overcoming Catholic objections to gene therapy.
[SPEAKER_09]: This is the brother of Bill Barr!
[SPEAKER_09]: This is the WTF, like, whoa!
[SPEAKER_09]: Did you call it the WTF?
[SPEAKER_11]: I meant to say WTF.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's good, I love it.
[SPEAKER_11]: I gotta start using the WTF instead of the W-E-F.
[SPEAKER_09]: Anyways, I don't want to make things any more complicated.
[SPEAKER_09]: They already are.
[SPEAKER_09]: You just have to follow the evidence after a while and try to figure out how all these things are connected.
[SPEAKER_09]: And it just seems to make so much sense.
[SPEAKER_09]: We want to pool together all of humanity for this magnificent data collection experiment to reach the unified Christ King or whatever they want to call it.
[SPEAKER_09]: You need to have collectivism.
[SPEAKER_09]: And likewise, collectivism gets a lot of political capital and money from science.
[SPEAKER_09]: There's trillions to be had if you're supporting it.
[SPEAKER_09]: And these two are just now working with each other.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then, I know not everyone agrees with this, okay, but a lot of this will never get known
[SPEAKER_09]: Because ever since World War II and the atom bomb, science is now too dangerous to talk about.
[SPEAKER_09]: Before then, scientists were relatively collaborative.
[SPEAKER_09]: Relatively.
[SPEAKER_09]: With the atom bomb, now there's this notion of science too dangerous to talk about.
[SPEAKER_09]: If you share the wrong information, the world ends.
[SPEAKER_09]: So this stuff just happens behind this wall of secrecy of too dangerous to talk about.
[SPEAKER_09]: And now that includes gain-of-function viruses and nukes and all this other stuff where, you know, I tell you what, just a bunch of people getting together and lying can kill way more than any fictional bomb.
[SPEAKER_09]: But we're supposed to fear bomb and embrace what people can do for us.
[SPEAKER_09]: So these things all kind of build on each other in this way, they reinforce each other.
[SPEAKER_09]: So that's why I talk about that.
[SPEAKER_09]: I attack this notion of WMD so often.
[SPEAKER_09]: I really want people to revisit it.
[SPEAKER_09]: And it's again, I was just minding my own business in my job.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was just curious in 2012 why there wasn't more discussion of chronic fatigue and opioids.
[SPEAKER_09]: And here I am, you know, with you guys around this campfire, you know, 12 years later, you know, we've all gone through all our losses and it is what it is.
[SPEAKER_09]: What he was doing with the Catholic Church
[SPEAKER_04]: you know, kind of, you know, you can look at it two ways.
[SPEAKER_04]: Is he trying to get signs to accept the Christian, you know, God, or is he trying to secularize the Catholic Church?
[SPEAKER_04]: And if you come with a collectivist, you know, disrupting the normative kind of thing, the collectivism doesn't recognize God, especially, you know, Judeo-Christian.
[SPEAKER_09]: And that's why they didn't publish anything.
[SPEAKER_09]: He was excommunicated because he found, like, fossilized remains in China.
[SPEAKER_09]: Then he was saying, you know, this shows that, you know, Genesis.
[SPEAKER_09]: Isn't right, it was like the China man I don't know if they actually fabricated that data or not, but the Catholic Church at the time was like, no, no, no, this is, now you're trying to push evolution on us, so they didn't publish his work.
[SPEAKER_09]: They excommunicated him.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then after he dies, suddenly the Catholic Church is having a very different outlook on the possibility of science.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, back in Second Council, suddenly they publish Jardin's work.
[SPEAKER_09]: Things are really starting to move then.
[SPEAKER_09]: The Pontifical Science Academy.
[SPEAKER_04]: The Catholic Church, the Protestant Church, Malthus, the guy who was the population control, Malthusian population control, the guy Malthus, Thomas Malthus,
[SPEAKER_04]: What was a minister?
[SPEAKER_04]: I think he was Baptist minister, if I'm not mistaken.
[SPEAKER_04]: Another Protestant pastor was a guy by the name of Walter Rauschenbusch.
[SPEAKER_04]: In 1912, he wrote a thing called Christianizing the Social Order.
[SPEAKER_04]: Now, do you remember when Obama used to talk in terms of, you can't have individual salvation without collective salvation.
[SPEAKER_04]: Do you remember that?
[SPEAKER_02]: No.
[SPEAKER_04]: You don't remember Obama?
[SPEAKER_04]: OK.
[SPEAKER_04]: Obama when he was this thing when he used to talk about you can't have collective self or individual salvation without collective salvation And what?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, I remember him talking about that relative to business Well, you didn't make that happen somebody else didn't remember that so that's the same Exactly because it's all the same collectivism
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, all in collectivist stock.
[SPEAKER_04]: Right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Why was I pounding 18-hour days for six months straight to build this thing?
[SPEAKER_05]: Right.
[SPEAKER_05]: You help me?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Because collectivism doesn't recognize anything that you do on your own, because if you hire somebody to help you... I think... You want me to build a fire here?
[SPEAKER_09]: Here.
[SPEAKER_09]: But, uh, we actually put it over here.
[SPEAKER_04]: He's a guy that's making the church In when I was reading his documentation because he refers constantly with scripture says this scripture says that but when you go to scripture and you actually read what scripture says About what he's saying.
[SPEAKER_04]: It says it's the opposite and he starts talking about how Christianity
[SPEAKER_04]: About the kingdom of God here on earth in this life same thing with the humanist manifesto same thing with Liberation theology got my name called and you have your black liberation theology too, but it all just from the greater.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, I
[SPEAKER_04]: liberation theology I did please please ignore all of the comments you just heard Mark I didn't know he was Mike for the last hour so any personal information should be disregarding this earth in this light with the humus manifestos but
[SPEAKER_04]: If you remember, you know, the devil actually said to Jesus at some time in scripture, he said he offered him the kingdoms of the world and rejected them.
[SPEAKER_04]: So you see what I'm saying?
[SPEAKER_04]: So now what the evil part of this whole social justice church is, is that it's actually bringing people into the church who are looking to find God, maybe get to, you know, maybe save their souls for eternity or whatever.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_04]: But what they're doing is they're steering these people who are trying to get closer to God away from what scripture says actually to accomplish Secular things in this life in this world and he says you know the kingdom of God is not of this or everybody loves it So it's all 180 degrees opposite of what actual spirituality is and that's what collectivism does It's it's evil.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, well there is an amusement
[SPEAKER_05]: You just did a great job drilling this down.
[SPEAKER_04]: No pressure.
[SPEAKER_04]: I see so much in common of what you're talking about.
[SPEAKER_04]: Then you start talking about the dialectal.
[SPEAKER_04]: I said, oh man, I could go ape shit on that.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, the dialectal.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, the stuff that you start hearing, I heard Naomi Wolf was talking about it and her husband Brian O'Shea too.
[SPEAKER_04]: They're out there, they get on their big platform that they have and they start talking about how you need to not let the perfect be the enemy of good.
[SPEAKER_04]: Vote for Trump.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm not saying you shouldn't vote for Trump.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm just saying.
[SPEAKER_04]: The right wing and these progressives, and they're all full-blown progressives, she's still bragging about being a rogue scholar.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can't tell me she's not a progressive, that she's seen the error in her progressive ways.
[SPEAKER_04]: It just can't happen.
[SPEAKER_04]: Naomi Wolf.
[SPEAKER_04]: So they're all out there saying that, you know,
[SPEAKER_04]: You got, don't let the perfect be the enemy of good man.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_00]: That's that dialectical thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: Two evils, lesser evil.
[SPEAKER_04]: You know, when you boil it down, we got a choice in politics, left and right in this country now.
[SPEAKER_04]: And I'm not talking just, I'm not talking about just the presidential election.
[SPEAKER_04]: You got a choice between communists and anarchists on the left, and you got national socialists on the right.
[SPEAKER_04]: Once I've gotten the recent posts that I've been doing,
[SPEAKER_05]: people will call me to get on their show and they have seen that post but they don't listen to it.
[SPEAKER_05]: So then I started talking to them off air.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're not okay with it.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah, I was on a big one.
[SPEAKER_05]: No, I was on Mel K show And she deleted she deleted off of the show
[SPEAKER_05]: the main point.
[SPEAKER_05]: This was when I released the Matrix Revealed series.
[SPEAKER_05]: When I released that series, she had me on the show, and she ended up deleting that five-minute video.
[SPEAKER_05]: where it's the... The Matrix?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_05]: Explaining the Matrix.
[SPEAKER_05]: She deleted that off of the podcast.
[SPEAKER_09]: It's interesting stuff when... Might it have been because of a copyright concern?
[SPEAKER_05]: I made that.
[SPEAKER_05]: So there's no copyright concern.
[SPEAKER_05]: I didn't know that.
[SPEAKER_05]: Good video, by the way.
[SPEAKER_05]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_05]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: I didn't personally make it, but I mean... You had it produced.
[SPEAKER_05]: I respect that.
[SPEAKER_05]: I understand that.
[SPEAKER_05]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm not smart enough to personally... But I can write the check.
[SPEAKER_04]: I'm smart enough to do that.
[SPEAKER_04]: That whole concept of where we've come in our politics, that's why I say politics isn't the answer.
[SPEAKER_04]: Politics isn't the answer because, you see, politics is a reflection of the people.
[SPEAKER_04]: We've been, for 200 years, literally, we've been undergoing a progressive fundamental transformation, if you will, for lack of a better term.
[SPEAKER_04]: Actually 200 years since 1826 when Ralph Dale Olman wrote his Declaration of Mental Independence when he said the three-headed hydrant that needs to be destroyed is God, property, and marriage.
[SPEAKER_04]: So 198 years to be exact.
[SPEAKER_04]: 199, bro.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's somewhere in there.
1826.
[SPEAKER_04]: What I would add to that though is, no doubt,
[SPEAKER_09]: There's no doubt that the attempt to usher in that progressivism has been around for a while.
[SPEAKER_09]: But to have the money and the political clout to actually pull it off, it's taken a while.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I think where our views have found each other is now that you have perhaps the
[SPEAKER_09]: the most well-funded scientific pursuit in history, which has been the advancement of the human genome, combined with an impenetrable wall of secrecy, have been the two worst possible things that you could add to that.
[SPEAKER_09]: And you could, I think if you charted it on a map, you would just see it explode.
[SPEAKER_04]: That was when UNESCO was written.
[SPEAKER_04]: He talked about, you know, we got to have the unthinkable become thinkable.
[SPEAKER_04]: He wanted eugenics to be a mainstream science so that they could take over from God's mistakes or they didn't recognize God.
[SPEAKER_04]: nature's mistakes, like Ferrari, same shit.
[SPEAKER_09]: I have an alternative spin on that though, if I might.
[SPEAKER_09]: I just cut you off.
[SPEAKER_09]: No you didn't.
[SPEAKER_09]: And this is just something that's been coming, I've come to this realization, it was a little epiphany in the last week or so.
[SPEAKER_09]: If you look through the books, this is going to blow your mind, okay?
[SPEAKER_09]: When we hear about eugenics, we always think about, what is it, negative eugenics, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: Getting rid of the bad people, whatever that is, and that can vary depending upon who you are.
[SPEAKER_09]: The imbeciles, if you don't like people of a certain ethnicity, racial color, it could be a religion.
[SPEAKER_09]: The human weeds, right?
[SPEAKER_09]: Interspersed with all of this discussion about getting rid of the undesirable people were statements that imagine what we could learn about humans if we could breed them like animals.
[SPEAKER_09]: Like, you can learn a lot about animals by crossbreeding things and by controlling, you know, this pea and that pea, this dog and that dog.
[SPEAKER_09]: But when it comes to humans, it's out of your control.
[SPEAKER_09]: So if you can make statements that you really need to control the human population, now people always pick up on the negative eugenics, getting rid of the bad people, but if you have excuses to control who breeds with who, now all the human population
[SPEAKER_09]: are your animals.
[SPEAKER_09]: And you can keep some pure bloodlines, you can keep some bloodlines which are very mixed up, like mine, even though I'm whitish.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then you can observe what happens, because you can't have humans volunteer to live lives in a box to be measured.
[SPEAKER_09]: So they were actually, I think, trying to come up with excuses for eugenics, not to clean the pool, but instead to use people as test animals.
[SPEAKER_09]: And it makes all the sense.
[SPEAKER_05]: I think that's right.
[SPEAKER_05]: It is right.
[SPEAKER_05]: Eugenics isn't just the cleaning of the gene pool.
[SPEAKER_09]: it's a much bigger well scientific research and then Lederberg came along and said well the problem with that is it takes at a minimum 20 years between generations so it's just way too slow and then they started coming up with more and more excuses of things to do to even further accelerate that um but this this is just the background it's so easy just to talk about oh we just want to kill are we are we happy or not Cecil Rose the Puerto Ricans and that's a horrible thing to say but
[SPEAKER_09]: I attribute it to a very lazy analysis as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: You mean the garbage can?
[SPEAKER_09]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_04]: Didn't that guy, Trump, rarely call it a garbage can or something?
[SPEAKER_04]: Puerto Rico?
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, that was a... I don't even know what he said.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you.
[SPEAKER_09]: It was just so stupid.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't even know what they were talking about.
[SPEAKER_09]: It was just stupid.
[SPEAKER_09]: To add on to what you were saying...
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm sorry, go ahead.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm just saying, just to finish off, it's amazing what a refreshing and constructive approach we can have.
[SPEAKER_09]: You start seeing how important it is, how powerful these immunologists and geneticists were.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then now you have Tehshardin saying how important it is to reach the common, unified Christ consciousness, which of course you need to understand human genomics and et cetera, et cetera, and all these things are feeding each other.
[SPEAKER_09]: Is that a first name or last name or both?
[SPEAKER_09]: Tejard is the only one who can say it.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, it's like a middle name.
[SPEAKER_04]: I got a middle name.
[SPEAKER_04]: Tejard, that's what I say.
[SPEAKER_09]: Tejard, because that's what it looks like.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, Tejardin is the last name.
[SPEAKER_09]: He was French.
[SPEAKER_09]: He spent a lot of his life in China, I believe.
[SPEAKER_09]: And he was relatively unknown until they needed his books.
[SPEAKER_09]: OK, noodle this one.
[SPEAKER_02]: Noodle this one.
[SPEAKER_04]: Noodling engaged.
[SPEAKER_04]: They have, it goes back to Auguste Comte, another guy, he's a guy who came up with the word altruism, living for the sake of others, also came up with the whole concept of sociology.
[SPEAKER_04]: Auguste Comte.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay, here's the thing, okay, when you throw a name out, most people don't know, you have to give a quick frame of reference.
[SPEAKER_09]: He was born
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know.
[SPEAKER_09]: I don't know yours.
[SPEAKER_05]: Hold on.
[SPEAKER_05]: Isn't this the pot calling the kettle black?
[SPEAKER_09]: No, when I say Tayshard, I said he was a Jesuit minister, did a lot of his work in his 30s.
[SPEAKER_04]: He's a philosopher.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, he's back in the 1800s.
[SPEAKER_09]: Just a couple of data points to give people some reference.
[SPEAKER_04]: I don't have those data points, and I apologize for anybody who's confused, but I try.
[SPEAKER_04]: But there was a guy, his name was Augusto Conte, and you can look him up.
[SPEAKER_04]: So a guy, that's one day's worth of labor, is that it?
[SPEAKER_04]: I think, I don't know what he identified or what his pronouns were.
[SPEAKER_09]: And there was a town.
[SPEAKER_04]: He had this concept, what he referred to, it also goes back in a lot of doctrines, they call it the division of labor.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's a division of labor.
[SPEAKER_04]: And what they, using your genome, your eugenics,
[SPEAKER_04]: instead of a just disgenic population.
[SPEAKER_04]: Also going back to Plato's Republic where they have populations raised to be police, populations raised to be garbage men, population raised to be nurse maids.
[SPEAKER_04]: So they can genetically manipulate people to fit certain needs of society, to fit certain cogs in the wheel so that they can genetically design the people that they need.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's a positive eugenics.
[SPEAKER_05]: They're breeding certain characteristics.
[SPEAKER_05]: Positive from the perspective, assuming that you're warm.
[SPEAKER_05]: But it's the positive view of genetics.
[SPEAKER_04]: It's still wrong.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's how we got Superman.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: Very good.
[SPEAKER_04]: Really?
[SPEAKER_09]: I thought it was because his planet blew up.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, but they didn't let anybody breed.
[SPEAKER_04]: You had to do it by all eugenics.
[SPEAKER_04]: It was all done, they only let... Really?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_05]: So Superman doesn't need a data point?
[SPEAKER_04]: He was a Nazi?
[SPEAKER_04]: He was the product of space Nazis.
[SPEAKER_04]: But I digress.
[SPEAKER_04]: The other thing about that whole division of labor, you know, we all grew up thinking, what are you going to be when you grow up?
[SPEAKER_04]: Kids today aren't going to be able to, growing up, the next generation's coming, you're not going to be, we'll tell you what you're going to be when you grow up.
[SPEAKER_04]: And this whole data mining thing that they got going in common core education, they say it's an individualized education.
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, it's an individualized education because what they're doing is they're learning that students, every student, they know their strengths, they know their weaknesses, they know the subjects that they're good at, they know the subjects and areas where they're strong and where they're weak.
[SPEAKER_04]: And what they can do, and this whole division of labor comes in the future in this common core, they will be able, because now they all want public funded education, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, those, remember those rights come with duties owed back to the collective.
[SPEAKER_04]: So what's going to happen is that we'll tell you, you got your education, now we're going to tell you where they'll be able to figure through central planning where you best fit into the cog, you know, to best benefit not you, but society.
[SPEAKER_04]: You literally, it's slavery, it's literal slavery.
[SPEAKER_04]: And it's all the same stuff, whether it's done through genetics and science, whether it's done through, you know, sociology, philosophy, or, you know, just, it's all the same.
[SPEAKER_14]: That's why they went to all these tablets that kids learn on now.
[SPEAKER_14]: You know, they, it's actually programming the kid.
[SPEAKER_14]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_14]: It's not, it's not educating them.
[SPEAKER_14]: And yes, they're pulling off data, but they're also programming them, too.
[SPEAKER_14]: where they want them to fit in.
[SPEAKER_09]: Yeah, they're trying to program, they're trying to automate, and it's, in my opinion, it's hugely detrimental because through many years of evolution and, you know, and that's not a religious statement, but we are designed to, the inputs into our brain
[SPEAKER_09]: are not just through the eyes.
[SPEAKER_09]: We learn through movement, we learn through touch, we learn through hearing, physical manipulation.
[SPEAKER_09]: And I suspect that by trying to learn how a three-dimensional world works by moving your fingers on a screen, you can never actually appreciate space.
[SPEAKER_09]: You know, you actually have to, you know, work with your hands and move around.
[SPEAKER_09]: And then later on, the computer can have an abstraction that matches what you've learned.
[SPEAKER_09]: So I'm so fortunate.
[SPEAKER_09]: I'm like that last generation of
[SPEAKER_09]: Not really having a computer.
[SPEAKER_09]: I didn't really get to use a computer.
[SPEAKER_09]: I was in late high school, so I had so much time to learn by drawing and building and taping and cutting and whatever, and then I have a computer model and it makes a lot of sense to me.
[SPEAKER_09]: Trying to explain a file structure?
[SPEAKER_09]: Because they don't teach cursive anymore
[SPEAKER_14]: And they, that's on purpose.
[SPEAKER_14]: It's not to let the kids just learn to print.
[SPEAKER_14]: It's, it's cursive writing takes conscious thought.
[SPEAKER_14]: It, it takes connecting.
[SPEAKER_02]: Physical.
[SPEAKER_02]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_02]: Manipulation.
[SPEAKER_14]: So, so they've done away with that.
[SPEAKER_14]: But then they also did away with.
[SPEAKER_04]: They don't want you reading your grandmother's letters.
[SPEAKER_04]: Even the Montessori school, when you take your child there and it's an excellent education,
[SPEAKER_11]: Don't get me wrong, but they do allow you to center the child on their specific forte, so the child doesn't spend as much time with anything that they aren't really that good at.
[SPEAKER_11]: They can pretty much spend most of their time on those things they're good at.
[SPEAKER_11]: And this leads us into a specialization, which we have today.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, we don't really have Renaissance people anymore that have a good knowledge of many things.
[SPEAKER_11]: We've got specialized people that have, you know, a very specialized thing that they do.
[SPEAKER_11]: I took my kids to Montessori school so I'm aware of it I used to go in and be with the kids while they were learning and the Montessori school specifically allowed children to choose the things that they were most interested in
[SPEAKER_11]: and go in that direction most of the time.
[SPEAKER_11]: If the child wasn't interested in math, they didn't spend much time in it.
[SPEAKER_11]: They spent whatever time they wanted in those subjects that interested them the most.
[SPEAKER_11]: And so this leads to the specialization that I was talking about that's happening today because we don't really have a renaissance
[SPEAKER_11]: man or woman like we used to with some you know some of the greatest names you know that were great who's a renaissance person was it the last one was Isaac Newton I think somebody said once I don't know if that's true.
[SPEAKER_11]: You know, it was a matter of not, I think it's more about they want people to be specialized anymore because it is impossible for us to know everything like we used to be able to know everything.
[SPEAKER_11]: There's much more information out there now.
[SPEAKER_11]: and nobody can know it all.
[SPEAKER_11]: Like Isaac Newton could have known all geometry, mathematics, physics, languages, arts.
[SPEAKER_11]: Back then, a man who was able to converse and work within all of those.
[SPEAKER_11]: We can't even have a conversation anymore because it's so specialized.
[SPEAKER_11]: Right, and so now we've got specialized people, and I think that that's really the direction they're going.
[SPEAKER_11]: And for the longest time, I thought Montessori was such a wonderful way to teach children.
[SPEAKER_11]: But then again, I know what university means is an education that is universal so that you're well-rounded.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's the difference between a college education and a university education.
[SPEAKER_11]: So, sorry.
[SPEAKER_09]: So how much of that, I mean, there's also this
[SPEAKER_09]: Jay has talked about this before, almost this stove piping where you have someone know a real lot about one type of cell or one type of virus and everyone's busily working on all of their papers in the sciences and it's not getting anywhere.
[SPEAKER_11]: And it stays within that little circle, doesn't it?
[SPEAKER_11]: And the word doesn't get out to other people.
[SPEAKER_11]: Nobody looks into it because, oh, it's their thing.
[SPEAKER_11]: They're over there doing their thing.
[SPEAKER_11]: And so we're all sort of, I think, being singled out for our specialties.
[SPEAKER_11]: Sent in that direction with it and Those notes don't get out and don't get found by other people who and talked about as much I actually think they were hidden I
[SPEAKER_09]: Are you okay?
[SPEAKER_02]: Were you assaulted?
[SPEAKER_14]: Was that a spark?
[SPEAKER_04]: No, it wasn't a spark.
[SPEAKER_11]: It was a piece of wood.
[SPEAKER_11]: Hey, where are you all at?
[SPEAKER_02]: I'm over here burning up.
[SPEAKER_05]: I'm laughing because you're you you prioritize your hair over the rest
[SPEAKER_11]: She's done.
[SPEAKER_11]: You're talking about expertise.
[SPEAKER_11]: You were talking about the Nicholas.
[SPEAKER_09]: In those case, I think they're actually hiding them.
[SPEAKER_11]: But it's similar in that if you have specialized people doing the right thing over there.
[SPEAKER_11]: corner, other people don't know what's going on as much.
[SPEAKER_11]: And it's not all inclusive.
[SPEAKER_11]: It isn't like, hey, let's all sit under the stars and learn about what they do.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's going to be, OK, you're going to go sit under the stars and figure out the path all night long.
[SPEAKER_11]: And you're going to go over here, and you're going to figure the math.
[SPEAKER_11]: And everything is in puzzle pieces instead of in a one picture for everyone to understand, recognize it for what it is.
[SPEAKER_11]: Thank you fan.
[SPEAKER_11]: Thank you.
[SPEAKER_14]: Did you want the thing that I wanted to say was that they also.
[SPEAKER_14]: just just hold it up you know you don't have to dig it up your nostril they also got rid of teaching phonetically how to read phonetically sounding things out sounding things out in the letters they switched over to sight you learn your words by sight which when you learn phonetically it develops parts of children's brains that need to be developed
[SPEAKER_14]: at, you know, that age.
[SPEAKER_14]: And so by eliminating that, you actually, they actually create a deficit in kids' brains.
[SPEAKER_14]: And so that just compounds over the years.
[SPEAKER_14]: And why, you know, everybody says, why are the, you know, graduation rates so bad?
[SPEAKER_14]: Well, when you start with a brain injury, you know, when you're starting to learn, I mean, what chance do they really have?
[SPEAKER_09]: If I may, is there any research that has shown that people who are born deaf struggle to learn language because they can never hear the phonetics?
[SPEAKER_14]: I can't answer that.
[SPEAKER_14]: It's just what I've read, and what I've read is scientifically supported.
[SPEAKER_14]: It was interesting because Dr. Seuss
[SPEAKER_14]: was asked to write, which book was it of his?
[SPEAKER_14]: And it had 200 sight words in there.
[SPEAKER_14]: And he said, of all the books he ever wrote, that was the hardest one for him to write.
[SPEAKER_14]: Just because it just didn't jive.
[SPEAKER_14]: It just didn't work.
[SPEAKER_09]: What's a sight word?
[SPEAKER_09]: Huh?
[SPEAKER_14]: You learn by sight.
[SPEAKER_14]: You almost memorize the word, the way it looks, but you're not found it out.
[SPEAKER_09]: Okay.
[SPEAKER_14]: And so you don't, you're guessing.
[SPEAKER_14]: You're just guessing.
[SPEAKER_14]: And that's why a lot of people just can't read anymore.
[SPEAKER_04]: On what you were talking about earlier,
[SPEAKER_04]: You were talking about kind of people being put into specialties, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, kind of, there's a couple things that happened with what they're doing to society.
[SPEAKER_04]: Back in the day when the agrarian society, or farmers, the old-fashioned farmers, man.
[SPEAKER_04]: Them guys knew how to do everything, man.
[SPEAKER_04]: Whenever there were problem solvers, no matter when shit hit the fan or something broke down, you needed to fix it, you needed to make things happen, so you were a little bit of everything, a mechanic, everything.
[SPEAKER_10]: You needed to do different things.
[SPEAKER_04]: You need to know how to build.
[SPEAKER_04]: But today, in education, for one thing, what they do in academia, first thing that they do is they silo everybody.
[SPEAKER_04]: Literally silo everybody into a quote-unquote expertise, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: Then you're not allowed out of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: You're not allowed to speak out of it.
[SPEAKER_04]: Today, the whole medical system is based the same way.
[SPEAKER_04]: You can't, you go to a doctor to talk to him about, you know, rheumatology or say some kind of autoimmune disease or whatever, and you think, well, could this, you go to a rheumatologist.
[SPEAKER_04]: So then you ask the rheumatologist, well, could possibly, could it possibly be this?
[SPEAKER_04]: Well, I don't know, you're going to have to go ask the doctor who knows about that.
[SPEAKER_04]: You go see a doctor about your right arm and you ask him about your left arm, you say, well, you got to go see a left arm doctor.
[SPEAKER_04]: What do you have on union jobs I've worked on a ton of these freaking union jobs Union job you go on a union job and what it is it carpenter can't do anything except carpentry You see a carpenter working on a mason job or picking up a brick or something, man The brothers would be visiting you know what I'm saying?
[SPEAKER_04]: So you the carpenters are siloed
[SPEAKER_04]: It's the kind of word I use because I'm from the country.
[SPEAKER_04]: You're siloed into, you know, a specific expertise in labor.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nobody on the job knows how to build a house from the bottom up.
[SPEAKER_04]: You see what I'm saying?
[SPEAKER_04]: And that's kind of what they're doing to our whole society, not only in upper academia, they're doing it in blue collar trades too as well.
[SPEAKER_04]: But that's kind of what any tyrant would want, you know.
[SPEAKER_04]: Nobody knows the whole plan.
[SPEAKER_04]: And the people that don't know the whole plan and they're doing what they're doing, they got plausible deniability.
[SPEAKER_04]: They don't have to feel guilty about their part.
[SPEAKER_14]: You don't have to specialize.
[SPEAKER_14]: They don't even know what their part is.
[SPEAKER_04]: Right, you don't know.
[SPEAKER_04]: So there's, you know, hey.
[SPEAKER_04]: Like all those people working in pharmaceuticals or whatever their aspect, they don't know they're in some aspect of Pfizer or some aspect of this or that or the other.
[SPEAKER_04]: They have no idea what aspect.
[SPEAKER_11]: And the president doesn't know.
[SPEAKER_11]: And even our own president can't answer questions that are specific to our
[SPEAKER_11]: He has people to tell him in his ear or write it down for them and put make the speeches and do all of that because The president is just a figurehead.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's just an actor And unfortunately that I feel that's happening like you said across the board in all of our You know
[SPEAKER_11]: All of our science and technology.
[SPEAKER_11]: But you have to think, this may be a natural progression, however, of having too much information out here.
[SPEAKER_11]: Because really, literally, right now, you can open up this internet and look online and you can get
[SPEAKER_11]: overloaded with information.
[SPEAKER_11]: You can get information about anything, anyone, you know, all you have to do is ask the question.
[SPEAKER_11]: So that's an overload to me of information and it would force someone to probably go to shut everything out and to specialize immediately and say I'm not going to look at all this other stuff because I can't handle it.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's too much information.
[SPEAKER_11]: It's almost as if we've been given too much information about our world
[SPEAKER_11]: And it's got a negative effect.
[SPEAKER_11]: Did we eat from that tree of knowledge?
[SPEAKER_11]: Like the Bible said, that tree of knowledge is a double-edged sword.
[SPEAKER_11]: And I think that we pay a big price for being
[SPEAKER_11]: But so curious and instead of allowing things to just be what they are We have to make a science out of everything and and tear it apart and break it down into its into its What is it made of how does it work and this this whole?
[SPEAKER_11]: Mentality then gets you into can I make a human being that I made a computer that can think like I do What if I made a person?
[SPEAKER_11]: And now you've got people building the DNA.
[SPEAKER_11]: Well, our DNA is directly connected to God.
[SPEAKER_11]: If you change our DNA, you're literally ripping the human being from God, if you ask me.
[SPEAKER_11]: That's my personal opinion.
[SPEAKER_11]: But that's the way I see it.
[SPEAKER_11]: I feel our DNA is the most sacred part that is our connection, our direct physical connection to God.
[SPEAKER_11]: And without it,
[SPEAKER_11]: Once they change it, now our physical connection is with a human being, not God anymore.
[SPEAKER_11]: And it's not really a godly creature anymore.
[SPEAKER_11]: It would be, I guess, some sort of bionic animal.
[SPEAKER_11]: Because we'd be making the DNA.
[SPEAKER_14]: You touched on a couple of things that over the years you keep hearing about these public-private relationships.
[SPEAKER_14]: And I think they've become really, really dangerous.
[SPEAKER_14]: And they're all over so I mean it's I don't know how you would get rid of them, but they're in our school systems companies are in our government and The people lose control when when it's like that I don't know that that's something that I've been thinking about I don't know enough about it, but it just seems like every time you hear a
[SPEAKER_14]: Someone talk about a program or whatever.
[SPEAKER_14]: It's the NGO and the public coming together to make things better.
[SPEAKER_14]: But it doesn't make things better.
[SPEAKER_14]: It just takes it out of our control.
[SPEAKER_11]: Isn't that fascism?
[SPEAKER_04]: Yes.
[SPEAKER_13]: And that's what they wanted all along.
[SPEAKER_04]: At least according to Mussolini.
[SPEAKER_04]: Right, at least according to Mussolini, right?
[SPEAKER_11]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_11]: And you know, I think the liberals love this, too.
[SPEAKER_11]: They love the idea of fascism because they love the idea of being specialized that way and having control.
[SPEAKER_11]: I mean, it just all comes back to control.
[SPEAKER_11]: Right.
[SPEAKER_11]: I'm sorry, I can't do that job for you.
[SPEAKER_11]: I've got to pass you over to the specialist over
[SPEAKER_11]: here, I can't help you.
[SPEAKER_11]: And it gets passed down enough times that nobody actually has any control except for whoever is at the top.
[SPEAKER_11]: And they're the only ones with the control.
[SPEAKER_11]: And guess what?
[SPEAKER_11]: They can't be blamed for anything, all of those other people that were putting the pieces of the puzzle together that are specialized.
[SPEAKER_11]: They can't be blamed for it.
[SPEAKER_11]: Everybody gets off the hook with fascism.
[SPEAKER_11]: Nobody gets blamed.
[SPEAKER_11]: The one thing that I've come to learn in
[SPEAKER_04]: to understand the end goal in a couple places in doctrine, collectivist doctrine, socialist, communist, whatever, is they refer to the end goal, the ultimate end, is for a single global human organism, like a giant beehive or an ant colony.
[SPEAKER_04]: Or there's one queen.
[SPEAKER_04]: One queen or one table, central table of central planners or something that has control of everybody and everything.
[SPEAKER_04]: So if you can understand that as the end, then every step in that direction will make perfect sense.
[SPEAKER_04]: Helps to keep it clear in my brain, you know, I mean because I've seen it and you know, and that's like it's like a pity The end is a single global human organism understand I
[SPEAKER_11]: But wouldn't that take away their... I think underneath everything there's an ego and a want for power and control and money.
[SPEAKER_11]: So these super egos that may be in control of most of the money on the planet, if we were to be that organism, then wouldn't they lose that
[SPEAKER_04]: That's see this is a cool thing that you bring up as far as that I've seen and that is that it's everybody Everybody who pushes it thinks They're the ones that are gonna be have a seat at the table they never consider that They're just pushing something that's eventually going to be there basically essentially pushing the mean being the means to their own ends and
[SPEAKER_02]: You know what I mean?
[SPEAKER_02]: Yeah.
[SPEAKER_04]: I mean, what does communism say?
[SPEAKER_04]: It says they want to make the middle class property owner impossible.
[SPEAKER_04]: Yeah, the Linsky tactic too.
[SPEAKER_04]: Obama did the same thing with community organizing.
[SPEAKER_04]: You go out into the middle class, we need the middle class vote.
[SPEAKER_04]: We got to get the middle, get them white guilt, get them whatever you got to do to start voting for these progressive policies, these collectivist policies.
[SPEAKER_04]: But then when we finally get their vote and we get our people in, we'll get rid of them.
[SPEAKER_04]: Lenin did the same thing.
[SPEAKER_04]: He had a two-point revolution.
[SPEAKER_04]: He said the bourgeois well, excuse me the proletariat Against the bourgeois.
[SPEAKER_04]: Okay, but then you couldn't bourgeois couldn't beat The proletariat couldn't beat the bourgeois by themselves.
[SPEAKER_04]: They needed the petty bourgeois Like the labor that is bourgeois like the union people are today, right?
[SPEAKER_04]: We need the petty bourgeoisie's help, which is the same thing as middle class.
[SPEAKER_04]: We need the petty bourgeoisie's help to get rid of the bourgeoisie.
[SPEAKER_04]: But then once the bourgeoisie's gone, we'll get rid of the petty bourgeoisie too.
[SPEAKER_04]: That's been the plan the whole time.
[SPEAKER_04]: So then, particularly the Alinsky tactic.
[SPEAKER_04]: middle-class becomes a mean to its own end like the union workers and stuff like that that push for this society and the petty bourgeois they help bring down the capitalist free enterprise society then eventually they will be made impossible because they say it right in the docker from the start we will make a middle-class property only impossible and it's right there for everybody to see but they don't think for a minute that they're the ones that are gonna be the one that runs out you know what i mean
[SPEAKER_04]: It's crazy.
[SPEAKER_13]: Everybody has their script.
[SPEAKER_13]: They're part of the club, they think.
[SPEAKER_13]: But they're not really part of the club.
[SPEAKER_13]: They're just more performing monkeys.
[SPEAKER_13]: They're just doing what they're told to do.
[SPEAKER_11]: Say it again.
[SPEAKER_11]: That was exactly performing monkeys.
[SPEAKER_11]: Everybody's performing like me tonight.
[SPEAKER_14]: I've got to go in and get warm.
[SPEAKER_14]: I'm chilled.
[SPEAKER_14]: It's a little breeze that comes every now and then.
[SPEAKER_14]: I'm just going to stand in for a minute.
[SPEAKER_12]: With what you were just talking about, I was just thinking about how Trump had announced at one of the rallies that he needs all of you Christians, all of us Christians, I need you to vote.
[SPEAKER_12]: He didn't explain he was a Christian.
[SPEAKER_12]: There you go really bad message Even concerning message
[SPEAKER_12]: They were showing that they are getting a lot of the special needs people.
[SPEAKER_12]: the opportunity to vote, helping them have their voice heard.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I just thought, and then they turn around and then they take them out.
[SPEAKER_12]: So they're gonna use them for the election to make sure they get the opportunity to vote.
[SPEAKER_12]: There was a whole panel of people that were saying, oh yeah, we're here to help them, make sure that their votes count and so on.
[SPEAKER_12]: And I thought deep down inside that, yeah, we're just gonna use them for their votes and then dismiss them and find that they're valuable enough to live.
[SPEAKER_07]: So they, they, I really believe.
[SPEAKER_07]: nice fire yeah oh you did move it oh yeah but we can i don't mind i was just saying that i think
[SPEAKER_02]: Go turn your mics in.
[SPEAKER_02]: Then you can talk.
[SPEAKER_07]: Test 1-2.
[SPEAKER_07]: Sorry, I didn't have that up.
[SPEAKER_07]: It's starting to mull around and fiddle a little bit.
[SPEAKER_07]: We're going to have a little bit of private conversation over the fire, maybe a few more drinks, but we're going to end the stream now.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you very much for joining us.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you for being present.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks to everybody who showed up live.
[SPEAKER_07]: I hope they weren't disappointed traveling around the world and across the country to meet only a few friends, but on the other hand, I think everybody that met Scott met
[SPEAKER_07]: met Joe, met Chris Dees, met Kara and Jeff, met all of them, the other Jeff, and I mean it's just been a really nice little gathering.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'm happy that the event went off, that we got the live stream to go,
[SPEAKER_07]: that we also got to have an after party that everybody that came got to come to the house, which would have been not possible if 40 people would have shown up.
[SPEAKER_07]: And so the next time we have this thing, the goal is to have a high school curriculum, to have at least 10 high school teachers here and interested in taking the curriculum home, and also just a lot more people present to create the kind of fellowship and camaraderie that we need to move forward.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you very much for joining me.
[SPEAKER_07]: This has been GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief.
[SPEAKER_07]: brought to you by a biologist, and let's see if I can play it out with this one over here.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thanks very much, and I'll see you guys again soon.
[SPEAKER_07]: If you'd like to support the stream, please go to GigaOMBiological.com, find a way.
[SPEAKER_07]: And otherwise, if you're going to share this stream, please share it at stream.gigaom.bio, because that's the one that me and my viewers pay for.
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you very much.
[SPEAKER_07]: And I guess we're going to see you again on Monday.
[SPEAKER_07]: The reason why we might have a Monday stream is because there might be a new member of the family here on Monday, a small white hairy member of the family, Ruby's buddy.
[SPEAKER_07]: So we might do a stream just to introduce you to that little fella.
[SPEAKER_07]: And if not, then
[SPEAKER_07]: Again, I will see you on Tuesday But we have two days off the kids have off on Tuesday on Monday and Tuesday because of voting And we don't know if civilization is going to exist after Tuesday So maybe we'll have to stream Monday and Tuesday just because those will be the last two days But thank you very much for joining me and we will see you again very very soon that would be this way and this way and oh, that's not the right one this one and
[SPEAKER_07]: Thank you very much.
[SPEAKER_07]: See you again soon.
[SPEAKER_07]: Some lawyer is here, wants to talk to me, so I'm gonna turn it off and thank you very much for joining me.
[SPEAKER_07]: I'll see you guys again tomorrow.
[SPEAKER_07]: If not tomorrow, then definitely, definitely very, very soon.
See you later.